Refer and earn

General
	
Step 1
Login to Crafy art

Step 2
You Refer Crafty Art to Friends & Family
	
Step 3
They install and Complete User Registration

Step 4
You Earn Coins

Step 5
Get a Subscription with Coin

Referral Promotion Programme

This offer is valid for eligible Crafty Art users only.

Eligible Crafty Art users:
1.Those who have Install Crafty Art have But not Uninstalled it.
2.Crafty art user at least Loging in Crafty Art.
3. this offer is only applicable for first time registration.

For each successful referral, referrer will earn reward worth 10 Coins.

1 Coin equivalent to 1 INR and 0.0125 USD

Any User Installing crafty art app after Uninstalling the existing app will also not be considered for the purpose of referral reward.

Crafty art, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to either temporarily or permanently, withdraw or suspend the offer at any time without giving any notice or assigning any reason for the same, whether in respect of one or more customer.
Crafty art and any of its officers, directors, personnel and employees shall not be liable for any loss, damage of any nature, including but not limited to direct, indirect, punitive, special, exemplary and consequential in any way arising from this campaign.
For queries/complaints pertaining to redeeming of the Coins mentioned in the reward, customer may send eMail on Infiappsolution@gmail.com
If any referred client already existed in Crafty art database as existing USer or potential User, then it will not be considered as referral.
If the details provided for referrals are incomplete/ incorrect/ invalid / duplicate, the Referrer who has provided a reference shall not be entitled to any reward under the Referral Program.
The Referrer should obtain consent of prospective before referring to HSL and confirms so having obtained the consent of the person referred for providing his/her details.

Steps to Redeem
Visit the https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.crafty.art

You can Buy Subscription with these coins.

Help
For queries/complaints pertaining to redeeming of the Coins mentioned in the reward, customer may send eMail on infiappsolution@gmail.com

FAQs
What is a Successful Referral?
When the referee Install a Crafty Art and Complete User Registration.

When will Referrer be rewarded?
The referrer will receive the referral reward within 7 working days once referred customer successfully Install a Crafty Art and Complete User Registration within 30 days of Installing.
 
Who is a referrer?
Referrer is an existing User Of Crafty Art.

Is there any limit on number of customers that can be referred?
There is no Limit


















































cancelation and refund policy

